Various changes; Bump Flutter version, unit tests and update documentation (#54)
AnalogIO/coffeecard_app: README.md

**Contact** AnalogIO at *feedback [at] analogio.dk*

We are rewriting our Coffee card app for Cafe Analog to a new cross platform one in Flutter.

> With the coffee card app, users are able to buy and use clip card in Cafe Analog @ IT University of

Reviewer: Conciseness and grammar
```suggestion
The app allows users to buy and use clip cards in Cafe Analog @ IT University of
```

Copenhagen.

## SDKs

We are building the Flutter app with these SDK versions

| SDK       | Version   |
| --------- | --------- |
| Dart      | 2.15.1    |
| Flutter   | 2.8.1     |

> ## Relevant README's

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
## Relevant READMEs
```

> - [Contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) 'CONTRIBUTING.md'

Reviewer: Backticks instead of single quotation marks
```suggestion
- [Contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) `CONTRIBUTING.md`
```
